Wow
You, it was mom's fault before you heard mom say it
I am blind to Tarzan
I have no eyes
It's all my fault
Can you forgive me?
No, no.
Mom swears that you will love you well in the future
Hurt you well
Can you forgive me?
I am a waste
A loss
A shameless bastard
I don't deserve your mother's love
No.
It was me before that, I was talking nonsense
If you get angry, you hit me.
You hit me! You hit me!
Forgive me, okay?
I can't live without you
You can't live without me
You still can't live without money, you know it yourself
Uh-huh.
I lived half my life
Had a daughter.
When I grew up, he didn't recognize me as a mother anymore
He is a senior now and he doesn't want me anymore.
You are such a white-eyed wolf.
An unfilial daughter like you
How do you represent your country?
Didn't you ask me to kneel down for you before you forgave me?
Ouch, I'm asking
No matter what, he's your mother
You can't do this to him.
One must have a conscience
This daughter makes mom kneel
That's going to be hit by lightning